to the family of 3ds portable consoles
of nintendo has been joined by a new
member of the original 3ds model
and the model with larger screens
that they subsequently released 3ds xl you
add now nintendo 2 of that a new
cheaper version of the machine and
which is fully compatible with all the
catalog of 3ds and of that if you want
know it with more details stay tuned
to the next analysis
i
ah
Hello
this week I informatique puntocom
we are going to present the new member of the
family nintendo 3ds is about a
more affordable entry model called
nintendo 2 of that on this occasion not
It has the functionality of displaying
three- dimensional images in your
screen but it is fully compatible
with all the nintendo 3ds catalog
nintendo ts if you want to know more
details of this console stay tuned
the next minutes
and well, today we are going to introduce you and
We will show the new model of
Nintendo 2 console is the new
member of the consoles family of
nintendo 3ds that as you can see
Well, it brings a lot of differences with
with respect to the previous models and
right now we are going to detail you as the
first obviously and the one that jumps to
the view is that it is a model of
a single piece and that does not do not bend
in half as was spoken in the
previous models of console is
all in one in the same piece
top screen touch screen
lower here in the crosshead that is the
crosshead in the steering control
buttons
select button and be in this
occasion is put here on the side
power button the home button here
down another change is maintained with
with respect to the previous model that in this
occasion only brings a speaker and sound
it's the monkey if we want to enjoy
stereo sound we have to make use of
the headphone jack that we can
find here at the bottom the
triggers as you can see here
are a little wider because the
console goes like a wedge-shaped
less to more in wedge shape and the
buttons the linnets has here then a
a little bit wider are pretty enough
comfortable when using them
on this side we can also
find the stylus
to the touch screen
the sd card slot this time
comes with a 4 gig card
included and here then the port for
nds 3ds cartridges in this
occasion the console as it is totally
compatible with all games
nintendo 3ds with the difference that no
they look in three dimensions as you can
appreciate in the back includes the
two cameras to take pictures in
three dimensions even if they do not show
in three dimensions
loses the regulator evidently with
with respect to the original 3ds model or the
xl but lets allows us to take those
photos in three dimensions is that the
console since nintendo has put some
official cases to wear it as
You see, they're kind of a case
cds case the size of one's own
console
and well they are very comfortable and in this
highly recommended case to transport it
because the screens are a little more
exposed that in previous models that
they went and they go closed set the
console profile now
the internet connection and so on is that
We have a kind of small tutorial
who can offer us advice
on the console and others and has a mode
sleep than in the previous model of
console
we did it by closing the console
directly to put it in sleep mode
we closed the console on this occasion to
do not have a hinge we do it with this
small button this small
little button that you have here you will appreciate a
little difference in sizes of the
3ds xl screen in this case and the
2 s model